NAME
     rm, unlink – remove directory entries

SYNOPSIS
     rm [-f | -i] [-dIRrvWx] file ...
     unlink [--] file

DESCRIPTION
     The rm utility attempts to remove the files specified on the command line.  
     	If the permissions of the file do not permit writing, and the standard input device is a terminal, 
     	the user is prompted (on the standard error output) for confirmation.

     The options are as follows:

     -d      Attempt to remove directories as well as other types of files.

     -f      Attempt to remove the files without prompting for confirmation, regardless of the file's permissions.  
     			If the file does not exist, do not display a diagnostic message or modify the exit status to reflect an error.  
     			The -f option overrides any previous -i options.

     -i      Request confirmation before attempting to remove each file, regardless of the file's permissions, 
     			or whether or not the standard input device is a terminal.  
     			The -i option overrides any previous -f options.

     -I      Request confirmation once if more than three files are being removed or if a directory is being recursively removed.  
     			This is a far less intrusive option than -i yet provides almost the same level of protection against mistakes.

	 -R      Attempt to remove the file hierarchy rooted in each file argument.  The -R option implies the -d option.  
	 			If the -i option is specified, the user is prompted for confirmation before each directory's contents 
	 			are processed (as well as before the attempt is made to remove the directory).  
	 			If the user does not respond affirmatively, the file hierarchy rooted in that directory is skipped.

     -r      Equivalent to -R.

     -v      Be verbose when deleting files, showing them as they are removed.

     -x      When removing a hierarchy, do not cross mount points.

     The rm utility removes symbolic links, not the files referenced by the links.

     It is an error to attempt to remove the files /, . or ...

     
EXIT STATUS
     The rm utility exits 0 if all of the named files or file hierarchies were removed, or if the -f option was specified and all of the existing
     files or file hierarchies were removed.  If an error occurs, rm exits with a value >0.
